This project is being done in collaboration by two teammates. The project guidelines are  specified in this file to achieve consistant functions.

The calculator is divided based on topics. Each person will work on predecided topics.

The division: (Currently being finalized)





Each topic will have its separate file in the format "topicname.py":
    Each file will contain one main function and helper functions (optional):
        1. The main function will follow a strict input parameter system and will return a dictionary with all the details.
        2. The final function should not contain any form of inputs and outputs instead only parameters and returns.
        3. At the top of each function's file, the programmer will describe the topic, all the subtopics, the parameters format, the return dictionary format. 
        4. It is also important to specify what each global variable is doing in the functions, so that the other programmer can work on it if need be.
        5. Read the quadratics file as an example. 
        6. sympy fucntion is great for this project. Follow its formatting across all files. For powers use ** instead of ^, so that in the future in main.py the ** can easily written as x powers etc.
        7. Overview the sympy librar online. 

Before shipping each week, both programmers will review and throughly test each others functions to make sure the program works perfectly. 

After all topics' functions are written, the app.py file will be implemented. This file will contain the connection between all the functions.

It is not required for all functions to be implemented together instead they can be implemented one at a time depending on their requirments. 

To maintain program integrety, both programmers will git pull and push after they complete one topic. 
The code to do that is: 
    git pull 
    git add . 
    git commit -m"Completed this func ___ -Anael" 
    git push origin main

They will also add the new topic to the progress.txt file with a quick message on the function. 

There is a requirments.txt file as well which contains all the libraries which we will use. It will be written to in the end. 

These are the guidelines so far but they will be ammended as we figure out the project managment.